IMAGES
Affeans
    adelio-portrait.png: A portrait of a man with short white hair and brown skin on a light blue background. He has pointy ears and green eyes, and is wearing a gold necklace with a green stone, a green collared shirt, and a brown sweater vest. He has a neutral expression.
    eulalia-portrait.png: A portrait of a fat woman with long green hair and dark brown skin on a light blue background. She has pointy ears with gold ear covers, and green eyes, and she is smiling slightly. She is wearing a gold necklace with a green stone. and a white sleeveless top.
    knox-portrait.png: A portrait of a man with short green hair and brown skin on a light blue background. He has pointy ears and green eyes, and he is smiling slightly. He is wearing dangly gold star-shaped earrings, a gold necklace with a green stone, a white collared shirt, and a light brown sweater vest.
    rowan-portrait.png: A portrait of a person with short pink hair and pale skin on a gray background. They have small pointy ears and blue eyes, and are smiling slightly. He's wearing small gold earrings, a high-necked green shirt, a light brown sweater, a gold necklace with a green stone, and a green cape.

Dunes
    cedar-portrait.png: A portrait of an antlered man with dark blue hair and a dark blue beard and mustache on a light green background. He has pale skin, small pointy ears, blue eyes, and small silver glasses. He's wearing a white collared shirt and a green jabot. He's smiling slightly.
    chrys-portrait.png: A portrait of a pale-skinned woman with long purple hair on a light green background. She has small pointy ears and green eyes. She is wearing rectangular silver earrings, several silver necklaces, and a v-necked pink shirt with gold details around the edge.
    dune-fam-portrait.jpg: A painting of two adults and a baby in front of a dark green background. One adult, a man with light blue hair, brown skin, purple eyes, and a scar diagonally across his face, is standing. He's wearing a green shirt and brown pants. The other adult, a woman, is sitting and holding a baby with purple hair that is dressed in a white bonnet and matching gown. The woman has purple hair and gold hoop earrings, and is wearing a large pink ballgown. All three have pointed ears and neutral expressions.
    fechin-portrait.png: A portrait of a pale-skinned man with medium-length purple hair and antlers in front of a light creen background. He has blue eyes, small pointy ears, and circular silver glasses, and is wearing a green shirt and a gold necklace with a green stone. He has a neutral expression.
    iris-portrait.png: A portrait of a pale-skinned woman with long purple hair in front of a light green background. She has wide green eyes, small pointed ears with silver ear covers, and circular glasses. She is wearing a gray-blue turtleneck and a sheer black over-shirt. She is smiling and showing her teeth.
    oisin-portrait.png: A portrait of a pale-skinned man with short gray hair and antlers. He has small pointy ears and light blue eyes, with a neutral expression. He is wearing rectangular silver glasses, a brown vest, white collared shirt, and a green jabot.
    rian-portrait.png: A portrait of a man with tanned skin and short white hair on a light blue background. He has long pointy ears, blue eyes with black sclera, and scales on his defined cheekbones. He is wearing gold hoop earrings, a white collared shirt, and a white ribbon fastened with a blue gem.
    rozzi-portrait.png: A portrait of a Black woman with dark red hair on a pink background. She has small pointy ears, red eyes, and is smiling. She is wearing silver ear cuffs and a sheer red top with gold star details.
    virila-portrait.png: A portrait of a pale-skinned woman with white braided hair on a light green background with a sun emblem. She has small pointy ears with silver ear covers and blue eyes. She is wearing silver oval glasses, a silver necklace, a green turtleneck, and a blue and gold shawl. She is smiling slightly.

Elf Teens
    john-portrait.png: A portrait of a boy with brown skin on a light gray background. He has black hair, pointed ears, and yellow eyes, and he's smiling, showing his teeth. He is wearing circular silver sunglasses and a blue shirt.
    noel-portrait.png: A portrait of a boy with brown skin on a light orange background. He has dark blue hair, pointed ears, and yellow eyes, and he's smiling slightly. He is earing circluar silver sunglasses, a light blue blouse, and a brown scarf with gold details.
    song-portrait.png: A portrait of a girl with light skin and short white hair on a light pink background. She has several gold earrings in her ears, as well as a gold spetum ring and gold snakebites. She has pointed ears, black eyes, and is wearing a light blue sleeveless turtleneck and a black scarf with gold details.

Elysium
    elysium-seal.jpg: A drawing of a royal seal on a white background. The outside border is a blueish purple with a rough edge. In the center, read vertically from right to left, are the characters 大달國璽 drawn stylistically.
    ha-eun-portrait.png: A portrait of a woman with white hair and blue skin on a dark gray background. She has white eyes with black sclera, and is smiling slightly. She is wearing a high-necked blue and silver wrap shirt, a silver necklace with stars, and a blue and gold shawl.
    haneul-portrait.png: A portrait of a boy with short dark blue hair and light blue skin with white freckles. He has orange eyes with black sclera, and a confused look on his face. He's wearing rectangular gold earring, small pointy ears, several gold earrings, and a v-necked white shirt with gold details.
    hei-ran-portrait.png: A portrait of a fat woman with dark purple skin and horns, and long black hair on a light gray background. She is squinting, and has purple eyes with black sclera. She also has pointed ears, with silver hoops, and she's wearing a black shirt with a blue sweater.
    iseul-portrait.png: A portrait of a woman with dark purple hair and horns and long white hair on a light yellow background. She has white freckles, black eyes, and a X shaped scar on her face. She also has pointed ears, with black metal ear covers, a black septum hoop, and black cheek piercings. She's wearing a black necklace, white blouse, black armor, and a blue and gold scarf.
    ji-hyun-portrait.png: A portrait of a man with light blue skin, white freckles, and white, crescent shaped horns. He has pointed ears with silver ear covers, and is wearing silver oval glasses, a blue shirt with a high colar, and a blue and gold shawl. His eyes are black with purple sclera.
    jong-woo-portrait.png: A portrait of a teenage boy with dark purple skin, small horns, and scales on his cheeks. He has pointed ears, white eyes with yellow sclera, a wide nose, and short navy blue hair. He is wearing a black shirt with a tall collar and white undershirt. He is smiling mischeviously.
    moon-seal.jpg: A blue square surrounded by a white border. In the center is a slightly stylized version of the Korean hangul 문.
    sang-hoon-portrait.png: A portrait of a boy with dark purple skin, shoulder length navy blue hair, and scales on his cheeks. He has black eyes with yellow sclera, a wide nose, and pointed ears. He is wearing a black shirt with a tall collar and a blue and gold scarf. He looks confused.
    seo-yoon-portrait.png: A portrait of an older woman with light blue skin, small eyebrows, white crescent shaped horns, and a concerned look on her face. She has black eyes with purple sclera, pointed ears, and three scars on her face. She has long gray hair and is wearing a black house coat with a ruffled collar.
    seong-jin-portrait.png: A portrait of a man with dark purple skin, large, s-shaped horns, and a large grin. His eyes are black with blue sclerad, and he has pointed ears and black hair pulled into a bun. He's wearing a light blue shirt with a high collar, and a blue coat over that.
    seong-min-portrait.png: A portrait of a woman with light purple skin, large horns which curve downward, long black hair which is partially up in a bun, and faint white freckles. She has pointed ears with black metal ear covers, black eyes with blue sclera, and oval-shaped black glasses. She is wearing a black and silver wrap turtleneck with an open front, and a black shirt with sheer sleeves and gold star details. She is smiling widely.
    seong-soo-portrait.png: A portrait of a teenage girl with large ram horns, light purple skin, and scales on her cheeks. She has a gold septum piercing, gold snake bites, and two gold hoops in each of her pointed ears. Her eyes are white with black sclera, and she has wavy, shoulder-length white hair, with braids in front of her ears. She is wearing a high-collared white shirt, a gold necklace, and a blue top with sheer sleeves and gold star details.
    soju-portrait.png: A portrait of a person with light purple skin  and lots of curly black hair, part of which is pulled into space buns. They have short purple horns, and one of their eyes is covered by their bangs. The visible eyes is black with purple sclera. They have pointed ears with silver ear covers, and they're wearing a high-collared light blue shirt and a white scarf with gold details. They're smiling.
    woo-yeong-portrait.png: A portrait of a young man with light blue skin, long white hair which is partially pulled into a bun, and one long blue horn. The other is broken. He has a neutral expression, pointed ears, black eyes, and white freckles. He's wearing dangling star-shaped silver earrings, a necklace with a silver crescent moon and silver stars, and bandages on his chest and shoulders. Over the bandages is a gray top with sheer sleeves and silver star details.

Fadia
    portrait.png: A portrait of a woman with tan skin, light blonde hair, and brown eyes. She has long pointed ears which are pierced, and is wearing blue eyeshadow, silver glasses with circular lenses, a green collared pirate shirt, a blue sweater, and a red scarf. She is smiling slightly.
    tattoos.png: A digital drawing of a young woman with tan skin, brown eyes, blonde hair, and pointed ears shown from both the front and the back. She has gauges, and is wearing a necklace with a blue crystal a tie-dye tanktop which is cut just below her chest, and matching drawstring shorts. She is covered in tattoos on her chest, back, legs, and arms. Some of the tattoos are drawn around her to show detail. Starting in the top left and going clockwise, the tattoos on the outside are: A bluebird with an orange flower, a capricorn, a skull with a flower, a floral design made of overlapping circles, the constellation Capricorn, a sun, the constellation Pisces, a die, an closing eye, a Kewpie baby, the constellation Aquarius, a juniper branch, and two hands shaking in front of a dagger. In between the body are a tattoo of a woman labelled "Mammina," a needle and thread, a pomegranite branch, "Vitato di fumare," and an anchor. The woman also has tattoos of a crab, a bug, a kiss, a broken wishbone, a dagger, a diamond, and the phrase "Fatto a La Costa."

Goddess
    alannah.png: A portrait of a young woman with pale, freckled skin, brown antlers, and green eyes, who is smiling slightly. She has pointed ears with silver ear covers, and coiled brown hair, with braids framing her face. She's wearing a green blouse and a silver necklace with a silver crescent and four stars. The background is a pale green, and there's a yellow circle behind her head.
    eithne.png: A portrait of a young woman with pale freckled skin, dark brown antlers, and yellow eyes, who has a concerned expression. She has pointed ears with silver ear covers, and long, wavy red hair. She's wearing a brown turtleneck sweater, a red shawl with gold details, and a silver necklace with a silver crescent and four stars. The background is a pale orange, and there's a yellow circle behind her head.
    fionnula.png: A portrait of a young woman with pale, freckled skin, pale blonde hair in braids, and blue eyes, with a neutral expression. She has pointed ears with silver ear covers, and is wearing a white turtleneck sweater and a brown cape with a fur collar. The background is a pale blue, and there's a yellow circle behind her head.
    niamh.png: A portrait of a young woman with brown skin, brown antlers, and brown hair in a bun with two braids framing her face. She has an angry expression, and pointed ears with silver ear covers. She's wearing a necklace with a silver crescent and four stars, and a blue v-neck shirt with gold scrolling on the edge. The background is a pale yellow, and there's a yellow circle behind her head.

Humans
    anton-portrait.png: A portrait of a man with pale skin, brown eyes, thick black eyebrows, and pale blond hair which is slicked back. He has faint freckles, and defined ccheekbones. He's wearing a brown collared shirt and a tan sweater vest.
    fish-portrait.png: A portrait of a young man with tan skin, freckles, thick eyebrows, and short wavy brown hair. He has brown eyes, a scar on his forehead, a scar over his nose, and light stubble. He is wearing silver hoop earrings and a white tanktop.
    siobhan-portrait.png: A portrait of a woman with brown skin, eyebags, and brown hair pulled into a bun. She looks concerned, and is wearing a blue blouse, a silver necklace with a blue gemstone, and silver hoop earrings.

Hywels
    boudicca-portrait.png: A portrait of an older woman with brown skin, hazel eyes, and vitiligo patches around her eyes, nose, and mouth, with a neutral expression. She has white hair in long braids, pointed ears with gold ear covers, and is wearing a brown turtleneck with a red and gold scarf.
    grace-portrait.png: A portrait of a young woman with brown skin, green eyes, and vitiligo around her eyes, nose, and mouth. She is smiling, and has pointed ears and antlers. Her wavy brown hair is pulled back into pigtails. She is wearing three gold earrings on each ear, a high necked green shirt, and a light beige sweater.
    octavie-portrait.png: A portrait of an older woman with light skin and blue eyes, smiling slightly. She has dark gray hair half pulled into a bun, pointed ears, and antlers. She's wearing silver hoop earrings, black glasses with small round lenses, a white choker, and a white off-the-shoulder top with a ruffled edge.

Maps
    dappled-forest-map.png: A map of a coastal country with some nearby islands on a cream colored background. It has five counties around the circular Caisbaile, labeled clockwise from the top as Giuthas, Sgíreil, Gleann, Uamh, and Cridhe. Below this are five more counties which are, from left to right, Feóir, Deas, Tonn, Láimh, and Craoibhe.
    ghaniun-bil-alwan-map.png: A map of two islands with a compass in the top left corner. In the top right corner, the map is titled "غَني بالألوان" with the subtitle "Ghaniun Bil-alwan." The northern island is small, and labeled عَمْود/Eamwd. The southern island is large and divided into four parts. Going clockwise from the top left are الياقوت/Alyaqut, which has a smaller label in the northern area for ميناء الياقوت/Port of Alyaqut; قوس/Qaws; عَسَل/Easal; and الصنوبر/Alsanawbar.
    tir-na-nog-map.png: A map of a continent, as well as several different island nations. There is the Outer Lands in the top left corner, with Sunlight Village labelled on the edge of the Dappled Forest (Capitol: Caisbaile), off the coast of which is an island labeled Famhair. Next to the Dappled Forest is the large kingdom of Naranthia (Capitol: Kolona). South of Naranthia is a large peninsula called Coaste de Melgrano, and southeast of that is Ghaniun Bial'alwan. South of the Dappled Forest is the Verdonada Sea, which is between that and Finapor. At the bottom of the map is a small collection of islands called the Fulican Archipelago.

Mother Moon
    byeol-bit.png: A portrait of a person with light blue skin, white freckles, and white patches of vitiligo. They have shoulder length gray hair, with two braids framing their face, a thin mustache, large sideburns, large breasts, and chest hair. They have white, crescent-shaped horns, and large pointed ears. They're wearing a black and silver wrap shirt with a high collar and an open chest, and a blue top with sheer sleeves and gold star details.
    first-quarter.png: A portrait of a woman with white skin and dark gray hair pulled back. Her eyes are white with black sclera, and fangs poking up from her bottom lip. She has black makeup covering the left half of her face and body, and has an angry expression. She has long pointed ears, white crescent shaped horns, and is wearing a black blouse and silver dangling star earrings. There is a white, multi-pointed star shape behind her head.
    full-moon.png: A portrait of a woman with white skin and dark gray hair pulled back. Her eyes are white with black sclera, and fangs poking up from her bottom lip. She has an angry expression. She has long pointed ears, white crescent shaped horns, and is wearing a black blouse and silver dangling star earrings. There is a white, multi-pointed star shape behind her head.
    last-quarter.png: A portrait of a woman with black skin and dark gray hair pulled back. Her eyes are white with black sclera, and fangs poking up from her bottom lip. She has white makeup covering the left half of her face and body, and has a neutral expression. She has long pointed ears, white crescent shaped horns, and is wearing a black blouse and silver dangling star earrings. There is a white, multi-pointed star shape behind her head.
    new-moon.png: A portrait of a woman with black skin and dark gray hair pulled back. Her eyes are white with black sclera, and fangs poking up from her bottom lip. She has a neutral expression. She has long pointed ears, white crescent shaped horns, and is wearing a black blouse and silver dangling star earrings. There is a white, multi-pointed star behind her head.

Viverras
   bong-cha-portrait.png: A portrait of a woman with purple skin and long purple horns. She has dark blue hair pulled back into a ponytail, purple eyes with black sclera, and fangs poking up from her bottom lip. She has pointed ears, and is wearing silver ear covers, as well as silver sunglasses with small, round lenses. She is also wearing a blue turtleneck and a black collar with puffy black and gold sleeves.
   bonnie-portrait: A portrait of a woman with pale skin and long purple horns, with purple details on her face. She has dark blue hair pulled back into a ponytail, purple eyes with black sclera, and fangs poking up from her bottom lip. She has pointed ears, and is wearing silver ear covers, silver sunglesses with circular lenses, a blue turtleneck, and sheer black sleeves with gold stars.
   june-portrait.png: A portrait of a woman with brown skin and vitiligo. She has blonde hair pulled into a ponytail, with long baings falling in her eyes, which are orange. She has a confused expression. Her ears are pointed, and she is wearing dangly gold star earrings, as well as a pink turtleneck tanktop with a chest cut-out, and sheer blue sleeves with golden stars. She has large gold wings.
   melirianne-portrait: A portrait of a pale woman with a small smile and blue eyes. She has pink hair and pointed ears, and is wearing a green shirt with puffy golden sleeves and gold details on the chest and neck.
   nadia-portrait: A portrait of a smiling teenage girl with pale skin and orange hair. She has pointed ears and blue eyes, and is wearing a green blouse and a green and gold choker.
   oleander-portrait: A portrait of a smiling man with pale skin and wavy green hair that covers one of his eyes. He has large, bat-like ears, purple eyes, and a large patch of tan skin on his neck and chest. He is wearing silver glasses with circular frames, a white poet's shirt, a brown vest, and a silver necklace with a black gem.
   pansy-portrait: A portrait of a smiling teenage girl with pale skin and curly green hair. She has small horns, pointed ears with silver ear covers, and a large scar on her right cheek. Her eyes are red with black sclera, and she is wearing silver sunglasses with circular lenses, a blue tanktop, a brown cardigan, and a silver necklace with a moon pendant.
   remis-portrait: A portrait of a smiling man with tan skin, blue eyes, and orange hair. He has pointed ears. He is wearing a collared shirt with a white jabot, a blue sweater vest, and a green coat.
   salem-portrait.png: A portrait of a young woman with tan skin, gray eyes, and green hair pulled into two buns. She has pointed ears, and is smiling slightly. She's wearing a green off-the-shoulder top and a matching green and gold choker.

affean-crest.png: A shield-shaped family crest divided into three vertical sections. The center section is blue, with the sections on the sides being yellow on top and white on bottom. There is a sword pointing upwards in the center above the head of a deer. The deer is flanked on either side by laurel branches with orange berries and torches.

calla-portrait.png: A portrait of a young woman with pale skin and a skeptical expression. She has shoulder length pink hair, pointed ears, and purple eyes. She is wearing dangly silver star earrings, a blue choker, and a blue off-the-shoulder top.

declan-portrait.png: A portrait of a man with light skin, brown eyes, and an unamused expression. He has long orange hair, brown eyes, pointed ears with gold ear covers, large brown antlers, and red dragonfly-like wings. He is wearing white wraps all over his body, and red striped face paint.

df-flag.png: A green flag with a thin blue stripe on the left and a thin gold stripe on the right. In the center are an olive branch and a sword crossed over each other in an X shape.

dune-crest.png: A blue shield-shaped family crest with a small yellow section at the top. At the top is a phrase written in runes. In the center is a fox, which is in front of a ring of ivy branches. Below the fox is a mace and a nail crossed over each other in an X shape.

e-flag.jpg: A flag with a blueish gray background. In the center is a black crescent shape facing upwards, with a white circle that has a black border in the curved part. Above the circle are three triangles, each with three lines at the bottom. The leftmost triangle has three unbroken lines. The middle triangle has two broken line and one unbroken line, and the rightmost triangle has three broken lines.

ephemera-portrait: A portrait of a woman with dark brown skin, green hair, green eyes, and a slight frown. She has long pointed ears with gold ear covers, a gold necklace with a green gem, and she's wearing an off-the-shoulder blue blouse with a ruffled edge.

gb-flag.png: A flag with a green stripe on the top, and a blue stripe on the bottom. There is a white circle in the center.

guard-fechin.png: A portrait of a young man with pale skin, blue eyes and very short purple hair. He has pointed ears with silver hoops, and is wearing a green turtleneck and a silver chestplate. He has a neutral expression.

laoghaire.png: A portrait of a young man with brown skin, orange hair, brown eyes, and large antlers. He has a concerned expression. He has small pointed ears, and is wearing a black shirt with a high neck and a black cloak. There is a yellow circle behind his head.

lcdm-flag.png: A flag with five horizontal stripes. The top strip is a dark red, the second is a lighter red, the center is white, the fourth stripe is a light green, and the final is a dark green. In the center is a sun emblem surrounded by a red circle, below which are two laurel branches.

leaves-emoji.png: The Apple leaves emoji.

moon-cycle.png: A circle of 8 smaller circles, showing the different phases of the moon, starting at the far left with a new moon and going clockwise.

n-flag.png: A two-toned flag, where the top is a light green, and the bottom is a dark green. In the center is a gold frame with a tree on a cliff depicted in it. At the top of the frame is a crown and a grouping of roses. On either side of the grame are a laurel branch and an olive branch.

nest-dynamics.png: A diagram which reads 'There are 6 sirens. For simplicity’s sake, three are male, and three are female (though biological sex and social gender are much more varied within many different siren groups). Their designations and mate orders are as follows:' Below this are two columns. The first, 'FEMALE' has Siren A (1. B, 2. D), Siren C (1. B), and Siren E (1. D, 2. B, 3. F). The second column, 'MALE' has Siren B (1. A, 2. C), Siren D (1. E, 2. A), and Siren F (1. E). To the left it reads 'Figure 2. An explanation of relationship dynamics within a clutch' with two circles (A+B, D+E). Below that it says 'Siren B is Siren C’s first mate, so she is added to A+B’s nest. Siren E is Siren F’s first mate, so he is added to D+E’s nest.' The same circles are drawn again, with a circle 'C' pointing to 'A+B' and a circle 'F' pointing to 'D+E'

new-moon-emoji.png: The Apple new moon emoji.

siren-anatomy.png: A drawing of a person's torso from the back. They have gils on their neck and ribs, and a line of light blue sensors, circles with wide bases, along their spine.

siren-lifespan.png: Two timelines aligned with each other. The top, in green, is humans, with the life stages of baby, toddler, child, adolescent, adult, middle aged, and old. The bottom, in blue, is sirens, with the life stages of fry, fingerling, pup, smolt, adult, and elder.

tadhg-portrait.png: A portrait of a young man with albinism. He has long pointed ears with gold ear covers, light blue eyes, short white hair, small fangs, and short antlers. He's wearing oval-shaped silver sunglasses and a blue poet's shirt.

veronica-portrait.png: A portrait of a fat woman with dark brown skin and curly dark purple hair, smiling slightly. She has long pointed ears and green eyes, and is wearing silver earrings, a gold necklace with a green stone, and a green tanktop.

zabelle-portrait.png: A portrait of a woman with brown skin and curly white hair, which is partially braided into two large pigtails. She is smiling slightly, with thick eyebrows, pointed ears, heterochromic eyes, and large dark brown antlers. She is wearing gold hoop earrings, a low cut green shirt, a brown sweater, and a silver necklace with a crescent moon and stars on it.